it's me red welcome back to Bird Island
not much has changed I'm of course still
a hero and this war with Leonard in the
pigs
no end in sight the he is stupid Basil's
I guess birds and pigs will always be
enemies I know we've had but we've
discovered that there's a third eyelid
[Music]
and their bodies you destroy it all
is the scary part we need to put aside
our differences and work together are
you freaking kidding me
each of you has been selected because
you're the best in your feed poem that
we could find we got to be prepared for
anything is what my assistant was going
to say let's do this is the amazing team
I've been working around the clock for
[Applause]
well that's disappointing we gotta get
that key up what's going on down there
[Music]
yeah I'm just gonna